- [Instructor] Before we take a closer look at how
to build and deliver Java apps,
let's talk a bit about who this course is for and what you
should know ahead of time.
The course is designed for Java developers and operations
engineers that are responsible for delivering changes to
Java applications.
It explores the techniques, platforms, and tools
used to create an automated delivery process
for modern Java apps.
The course focuses on the mechanics of an automated
pipeline and while we'll discuss testing and verification,
the hands-on lessons do leave this part out
just to keep things concise.
That's because there's a lot of technologies packed
into the course that stack on top of each other.
And that brings me to my next point.
If you're just beginning to learn Java,
or you're not familiar with tools like Git,
there might be better courses for you at this point.
To help us work with these technologies.
I've created a lab environment within an
Ubuntu virtual machine.
To run the lab you'll need Virtual Box, Vagrant,
and the Vagrant virtual box plugin
installed on your workstation.
The lab has quite a bit of software installed for us
to practice delivering modern applications.
You'll get hands-on experience with each of these
technologies if you follow along with the lessons.
If you do intend to complete the hands-on lessons,
you'll need a workstation with a bit of horsepower.
At a minimum, I would recommend allocating eight gigabytes
of RAM and three CPUs to the virtual machine.
If your machine doesn't meet these requirements,
there's still quite a bit you can learn
from just watching the course.
So that's what you need to know.
Let's dive into the lessons.